README.md, before:

# WEC-Sim_Applications

This repository contains applications of the WEC-Sim code, including tutorials by the WEC-Sim team as well as user-shared examples. 

To contribute an example follow these guidelines:
* Create a folder on the top level with a single example. 
* Do not include results as these take up space and can easily be generated by running the example.
* Using the *README_template.md* file create a *README.md* file for your example. Include the example name, the author, WEC-Sim version, and description.
* Using the TestB2B.m test as a template, create a *TestCASE.m* file that will run BEMIO and check the functionality of your application when changes are made to the WEC-Sim source code.
* Create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). The WEC-Sim team will review your example and add it to the repo.

## Testing Applications

Tests are provided for the applications using the MATLAB
[unit testing framework](https://uk.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab-unit-test-framework.html).

Individual test files are typically found at the same level as a `hydroData`
directory, with a file name like `Test<Something>.m`. These test files may test 
multiple application cases that use the same hydrodynamic data.

To run the tests it is assumed that the latest version of [WEC-Sim](https://github.com/WEC-Sim/WEC-Sim)
is installed. For tests in the `Mooring` directory, it is also necessary to 
install the [MoorDyn](https://github.com/WEC-Sim/MoorDyn) module into WEC-Sim.

Assuming that the WEC-Sim_Applications source code is located at some path
`\path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications`, then to test the Body-to-Body Interaction
application cases, the following commands can be given in the MATLAB interface:

```
>> cd \path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications\Body-to-Body_Interactions
>> runtests("TestB2B.m")
...
```

Alternatively, the `TestB2B.m` file can be opened in the MATLAB editor and 
then the tests can be run by selecting the `Run Tests` action in the `EDITOR` 
ribbon.

A shortcut for running all the tests in the repository is provided at the 
root level with the `runTests.m` function. This function can simply be
run from the root directory, as follows:

```
>> cd \path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications
>> runTests
...
```

Commit message:

Update README to reflect change in test function name

README.md, after:

# WEC-Sim_Applications

This repository contains applications of the WEC-Sim code, including tutorials by the WEC-Sim team as well as user-shared examples. 

To contribute an example follow these guidelines:
* Create a folder on the top level with a single example. 
* Do not include results as these take up space and can easily be generated by running the example.
* Using the *README_template.md* file create a *README.md* file for your example. Include the example name, the author, WEC-Sim version, and description.
* Using the TestB2B.m test as a template, create a *TestCASE.m* file that will run BEMIO and check the functionality of your application when changes are made to the WEC-Sim source code.
* Create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). The WEC-Sim team will review your example and add it to the repo.

## Testing Applications

Tests are provided for the applications using the MATLAB
[unit testing framework](https://uk.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab-unit-test-framework.html).

Individual test files are typically found at the same level as a `hydroData`
directory, with a file name like `Test<Something>.m`. These test files may test 
multiple application cases that use the same hydrodynamic data.

To run the tests it is assumed that the latest version of [WEC-Sim](https://github.com/WEC-Sim/WEC-Sim)
is installed. For tests in the `Mooring` directory, it is also necessary to 
install the [MoorDyn](https://github.com/WEC-Sim/MoorDyn) module into WEC-Sim.

Assuming that the WEC-Sim_Applications source code is located at some path
`\path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications`, then to test the Body-to-Body Interaction
application cases, the following commands can be given in the MATLAB interface:

```
>> cd \path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications\Body-to-Body_Interactions
>> runtests("TestB2B.m")
...
```

Alternatively, the `TestB2B.m` file can be opened in the MATLAB editor and 
then the tests can be run by selecting the `Run Tests` action in the `EDITOR` 
ribbon.

A shortcut for running all the tests in the repository is provided at the 
root level with the `wecSimAppTest.m` function. This function can simply be
run from the root directory, as follows:

```
>> cd \path\to\WEC-Sim_Applications
>> wecSimAppTest
...
```

Alternatively, the function can also be used to run all tests in a particular 
directory. For instance, run the tests in the `End_Stops` directory as follows:

```
>> wecSimAppTest End_Stops
...
```
